samples: drivers: video: add capture to lvgl sample (#71463)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/drivers/video/capture_to_lvgl/README.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: video-capture-to-lvgl
   :name: Video capture to LVGL
   :relevant-api: video_interface

   This sample application demonstrates how to use the video API to retrieve video

>    frames from a capture device and display them on an LCD via the LVGL library.

Author: Done. Thanks!

Description
***********

The application uses the :ref:`Video API <video_api>` to retrieve video frames from

> a video capture device, writes a frame count message to the console, and then sends
> the frame to an LCD display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a video capture device, write a frame count message to the console, and then send
the frame to an LCD display.
```

Author: Done.

Requirements
************

This sample requires a supported :ref:`video capture device <video_api>` (e.g., a camera)

> and a :ref:`display <display_api>`.

Reviewer 2: This implies that the `sw_generator` is a capture device... which is true to some extent!
